okay I'm in the Shire at cave and i'll
be showing you where to get some of the
best robes on the game I forgot what
they're called but they start the queue
and you have to be completely on the
light side to wear them they're pretty
pretty much completely
oh and where the Sith students are I'll
be right there what do you are
so what is it if you're not going to
kill us to bring it back
there you have it
yes my name is Sal you make we thought
that you know you
comfort
you will help us all right I can you
think of the way there's a passage to
the surface derivative but was blocked
by some kind of logic it was pure and
clear up the package rewards
I believe that
there are any other corpses I can loop
and I do have one of the best breath
masks on the game I got it from the oven
download um it keeps you from getting
your mind affected with and from poison
it helps hate these guys install words
that's the old public too if you go here
you need to be completely on the dark
side of the light side to get through
this little passage and I need help
I'm I by myself
what are my teammates it
with a crap are they
that's why that Torretta tech is not
poisoning me
from no remain that's odd okay should be
going this way nope gotta get this wig
you
sorry my game grich's up when I'm
fighting sometimes
I don't know why it does this
okay there we go
ah then your main character will not
move for some reason pretty sure he's
over here yes the quel drama robes these
are the best one of the best robes in
the game see right there restricted to
light side
and that's the benefit of being on the
right side are these robes
and then for the next three minutes of
my video i'll be heading back to the set
students to reclaim my reward and the
video will be over I got to find the
freaking students
if
it thank you
made a vagina and ending right
okay I was wrong for the next minute
well check out my other videos on star
wars knights of the old republic